docs: add guide to distribute artifacts to oci image (#227)
oras-project/oras-www: docs/how_to_guides/distributing_oci_layouts.mdx

---
title: Distributing OCI Layouts
sidebar_position: 6
---

# Distributing OCI Layouts

### Phase 1: Creating an OCI Image 

#### Step 1.1: Writing in the Dockerfile

Put the following commands in the `Dockerfile` in order to run an image of Alpine Linux.

```
FROM alpine
CMD echo 'hello world!'
```

Our image is based on alpine and runs the command `echo hello world!`.

#### Step 1.2: Building the image using docker

```
docker buildx create —use
```

This command is used to create a new instance of a builder with a single node based on the current configuration.

```
docker buildx build . -f Dockerfile -o type=oci,dest=hello-world.tar -t hello-world:v1
```

> Expected output:
> ```
> [+] Building 7.0s (7/7) FINISHED                 docker-container:hungry_wilson
>  => [internal] booting buildkit                                            3.0s
>  => => pulling image moby/buildkit:buildx-stable-1                         2.5s
>  => => creating container buildx_buildkit_hungry_wilson0                   0.5s
> 
> <!—truncate—>
> 
>  => => exporting manifest sha256:3fd491e6dc3ce66cae989d23b3f3d5752314cd17  0.0s
>  => => exporting config sha256:5e9872dc690060c52e4ea6e9357aaebb9d9187b44a  0.0s
>  => => sending tarball                                                     0.0s
> ```
> 
> This command has multiple parts to break down:
> 
> `build` is needed to build the OCI Image based on the Dockerfile we provide.
> hello-world:v1 is the name and tag associated with the image built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command has multiple parts to break down, the `build` is needed to build the OCI Image based on the Dockerfile we provide and the hello-world:v1 is the name and tag to apply to the image built.
```

---
title: Distributing OCI Layouts
sidebar_position: 6
---

# Distributing OCI Layouts

> 

Reviewer 2: Could you add just a brief introduction to the OCI Image Layout and the purpose of this doc? It will help readers and users understand the value and scenario of this doc.

Author: @FeynmanZhou added. Please let me know if any more changes are needed.

Reviewer 3: Unblocking for merge.

> ### Phase 1: Creating an OCI Image 

Reviewer 2: We need a consistent style for the sequential number. I seldom see articles use `phase` in their sub-headings.

Author: @FeynmanZhou I have just kept them as headings now. Kindly review.

Reviewer 3: @deepeshaburse  if there are more fixes to title, please follow up as a updated PR.
